README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋


<!--
**Test-MyDFIR/Test-MyDFIR** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
Hello, I'm Mulualem Woldeyes

I am a cybersecurity professional with over four years of practical experience in **threat detection**, **incident response**, and **security monitoring**. 
My expertise includes implementing and managing **SIEM** and **EDR solutions**, analyzing network and endpoint data, and aligning security practices with industry standards.


I am a recent graduate with a profound interest in technology and a dedication to solving complex problems.

Objective


My journey in Information Technology has led me to develop a passion for cybersecurity, and I am now eager to transition into this field, specifically aiming to join a Security Operations Center (SOC) as a Tier 1 & 2 Analyst.

Skills


[Provide skills and associated project. Make sure to hyperlink the project - Remove this afterwards]]

| Skill                                             | Associated Project         |
|-----------------------------------------------    |----------------------------|
| SIEM Implementation and Log Analysis              | Detection Lab</a>|
| Network Traffic Monitoring and Attack Detection   | Detection Lab</a>|
| Security Automation with Shuffle SOAR             | SOC Automation Lab|
| Incident Response Planning and Execution          | SOC Automation Lab|
| Case Management with TheHive                      | SOC Automation Lab|
| Scripting and Automation for Threat Mitigation    | SOC Automation Lab|

TOOLS                  
  
🔹  Network & Analysys tools 
<div>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-wiresharck-ED2E26?&style=for-the-badge&logo=qualys&logoColor=white" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Suricata-48A547?&style=for-the-badge&logo=gnuprivacyguard&logoColor=white" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tcpdump-87CEEB?&style=for-the-badge&logo=shield&logoColor=white" />
         
</div>
 
🔹 Vulnerability Management Tools
        
  <div>
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nessus-00AEEF?&style=for-the-badge&logo=tenable&logoColor=white" />

 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Qualys-ED2E26?&style=for-the-badge&logo=qualys&logoColor=white" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-OpenVAS-48A547?&style=for-the-badge&logo=gnuprivacyguard&logoColor=white" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tanium-87CEEB?&style=for-the-badge&logo=shield&logoColor=white" />
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-WebInspect-87CEEB?&style=for-the-badge&logo=shield&logoColor=white" />
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-DB Protectt-87CEEB?&style=for-the-badge&logo=shield&logoColor=white" />
    </div>
      
🔹 Security Platforms & SIEM
 <div>
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Splunk%20Enterprise%20Security-000000?&style=for-the-badge&logo=splunk&logoColor=white" />
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-AlienVault-3DDC84?&style=for-the-badge&logo=alienware&logoColor=white" />
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Microsoft%20Sentinel-0078D4?&style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white" />
 </div>
                
 🔹 Endpoint & Threat Protection
    <div>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-SentinelOne-6C3EB8?&style=for-the-badge&logo=sentinelone&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-CrowdStrike%20Falcon-E01E5A?&style=for-the-badge&logo=crowdstrike&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Fortinet-EE1C25?&style=for-the-badge&logo=fortinet&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Microsoft%20Defender%20for%20Endpoint-0078D4?&style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftdefender&logoColor=white" />
     <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Proofpoint-FFD100?&style=for-the-badge&logo=proofpoint&logoColor=black" />
    </div>
                
  🔹 GRC & Compliance
   <div>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-RSA%20Archer-CC0000?&style=for-the-badge&logo=rsa&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vanta-5A67D8?&style=for-the-badge&logo=trustpilot&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-OneTrust-00B140?&style=for-the-badge&logo=trustpilot&logoColor=white" />
    </div>
                    
🔹 ITSM & Workflow
 <div>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-ServiceNow-1DBF73?&style=for-the-badge&logo=servicenow&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jira-0052CC?&style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white" />
</div>


Certifications
    <div>
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Cyber%20Security%20Certificate-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white" />
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CompTIA%20Security%2B-FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=compTIA&logoColor=white" />
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CompTIA%20CySA%2B-FF6600?style=for-the-badge&logo=compTIA&logoColor=white" />  
    </div>
    
Projects
  
-Detection Lab

-SOC Automation Project

Commit message:

Fix hyperlinks and add Microsoft Sentinel instructions
Correct hyperlink formatting for Detection Lab and add instructions for Microsoft Sentinel.

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋


<!--
**Test-MyDFIR/Test-MyDFIR** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
Hello, I'm Mulualem Woldeyes

I am a cybersecurity professional with over four years of practical experience in **threat detection**, **incident response**, and **security monitoring**. 
My expertise includes implementing and managing **SIEM** and **EDR solutions**, analyzing network and endpoint data, and aligning security practices with industry standards.


I am a recent graduate with a profound interest in technology and a dedication to solving complex problems.

Objective


My journey in Information Technology has led me to develop a passion for cybersecurity, and I am now eager to transition into this field, specifically aiming to join a Security Operations Center (SOC) as a Tier 1 & 2 Analyst.

Skills


[Provide skills and associated project. Make sure to hyperlink the project - Remove this afterwards]]

| Skill                                             | Associated Project         |
|-----------------------------------------------    |----------------------------|
| SIEM Implementation and Log Analysis              | <a> Detection Lab</a>|
| Network Traffic Monitoring and Attack Detection   | Detection Lab</a>|
| Security Automation with Shuffle SOAR             | SOC Automation Lab|
| Incident Response Planning and Execution          | SOC Automation Lab|
| Case Management with TheHive                      | SOC Automation Lab|
| Scripting and Automation for Threat Mitigation    | SOC Automation Lab|

TOOLS                  
  
🔹  Network & Analysys tools 
<div>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-wiresharck-ED2E26?&style=for-the-badge&logo=qualys&logoColor=white" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Suricata-48A547?&style=for-the-badge&logo=gnuprivacyguard&logoColor=white" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tcpdump-87CEEB?&style=for-the-badge&logo=shield&logoColor=white" />
         
</div>
 
🔹 Vulnerability Management Tools
        
  <div>
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nessus-00AEEF?&style=for-the-badge&logo=tenable&logoColor=white" />

 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Qualys-ED2E26?&style=for-the-badge&logo=qualys&logoColor=white" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-OpenVAS-48A547?&style=for-the-badge&logo=gnuprivacyguard&logoColor=white" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tanium-87CEEB?&style=for-the-badge&logo=shield&logoColor=white" />
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-WebInspect-87CEEB?&style=for-the-badge&logo=shield&logoColor=white" />
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-DB Protectt-87CEEB?&style=for-the-badge&logo=shield&logoColor=white" />
    </div>
      
🔹 Security Platforms & SIEM
 <div>
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Splunk%20Enterprise%20Security-000000?&style=for-the-badge&logo=splunk&logoColor=white" />
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-AlienVault-3DDC84?&style=for-the-badge&logo=alienware&logoColor=white" />
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Microsoft%20Sentinel-0078D4?&style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white" />
 </div>
                
 🔹 Endpoint & Threat Protection
    <div>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-SentinelOne-6C3EB8?&style=for-the-badge&logo=sentinelone&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-CrowdStrike%20Falcon-E01E5A?&style=for-the-badge&logo=crowdstrike&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Fortinet-EE1C25?&style=for-the-badge&logo=fortinet&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Microsoft%20Defender%20for%20Endpoint-0078D4?&style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftdefender&logoColor=white" />
     <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Proofpoint-FFD100?&style=for-the-badge&logo=proofpoint&logoColor=black" />
    </div>
                
  🔹 GRC & Compliance
   <div>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-RSA%20Archer-CC0000?&style=for-the-badge&logo=rsa&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vanta-5A67D8?&style=for-the-badge&logo=trustpilot&logoColor=white" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-OneTrust-00B140?&style=for-the-badge&logo=trustpilot&logoColor=white" />
    </div>
                    
🔹 ITSM & Workflow
 <div>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-ServiceNow-1DBF73?&style=for-the-badge&logo=servicenow&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jira-0052CC?&style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white" />
</div>


Certifications
    <div>
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Cyber%20Security%20Certificate-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white" />
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CompTIA%20Security%2B-FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=compTIA&logoColor=white" />
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CompTIA%20CySA%2B-FF6600?style=for-the-badge&logo=compTIA&logoColor=white" />  
    </div>
    
Projects
  
-Microsoft Sentienal <a href="Microsoft Sentienal">Link text</a>
  - Creat an accounts at least two users and activates E5 licenses to all of them.
      

-SOC Automation Project
